Lin Nian, how dare you hook up
Mom, what are you
This is what you said about Lin Niannian seducing the Quartet
It's not that I do see it here
Miss, why are you here?
I came to Sifang brother's room to play cards
Do you want to report to you too?
dare not dare
I am an inferior person of the Chu Family Group in the imperial capital
Broke into my room late at night
Are you going to assassinate me?
Kill me no
I saw Lin Niannian come to your room late at night
I'm worried that he will seduce
That's why I finished scolding fried meat
Why don't you dare to say it?
Let me help you
To catch rape, right?
So you got it now?
Sifeng, scary and insensible
It's my neglect
Don't worry.
Aunt Ye, I naturally don't think it's you who came first
But as a junior
I still advise you to go
It's better not to stay on the shelf this summer